NMS-14909: Provide a method to verify topology capability (#5629)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/introduction.adoc

The following pages describe enlinkd and how to configure it, the supported discovery protocols, and the SNMP MIBs that must be exposed to gather links between nodes.
You can view detailed information about a node's connections and supporting link data on the node detail page in the {page-component-title} web UI.

[[ga-enlinkd-collectors]]

> == Enhanced linkd supported protocols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Enhanced linkd supported protocols

```

Author: commit e6ec71a2a49eb651d1dfd0327136b2dadf59ad12 (HEAD -> ar/jira/NMS-14909)
Author: Antonio <rssntn67@yahoo.it>
Date:   Tue Jan 10 10:20:42 2023 +0100

    Fixed Return space

> Enhanced Linkd collects topology data from CDP, LLDP, OSPF, IS-IS and Bridge MIBs.
> 
> xref:operation:deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/layer-2-discovery.adoc[Layer 2 Discovery]
> 
> xref:operation:deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/layer-3-discovery.adoc[Layer 3 Discovery]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhanced Linkd collects topology data from CDP, LLDP, OSPF, IS-IS and Bridge MIBs.
For more information, see xref:deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/layer-2-discovery.adoc[Layer 2 Discovery] and xref:deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/layer-3-discovery.adoc[Layer 3 Discovery].
```
